dig: add example (#12234)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/dig.md

- Perform iterative queries and display the entire trace path to resolve a domain name:

`dig +trace {{example.com}}`

> - Query DNS server over non-standard port and using tcp protocol:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Query a DNS server over a non-standard port using the TCP protocol:
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Query a DNS server over a non-standard [p]ort using the TCP protocol:
```
I suggest adding this mnemonic, also
